ability,a bi li ti
activity,ách ti vi ti
addition,ét đi sừn
advertising,át vơ thai dinh
advice,ất vai
analysis,a na li sịt
apartment,ơ pát mừn
appearance,áp pia rừn
application,áp li cây sừn
area,e ri ờ
army,a mi
art,ạt
article,át ti cồ
association,át sô xi ây sừn
attention,ất ten sừn
audience,au điền
basis,bây sịt
bird,bớt
blood,bờ lát
boyfriend,boi phờ ren
camera,ca mê ra
category,ca tê go ry
cell,xeo
chemistry,ke mít truy
child,chai ồ
cigarette,xi ga rét
city,ci ti
combination,com bi nây sừn
communication,com miu ni cây sừn
community,com mu ni ty
competition,com pe ti sừn
computer,com piu tờ
concept,con xép
context,con tếch
control,cần trô
country,căn truy
county,cao ti
customer,cớt tầm mờ
data,đa ta
dealer,điu lơ
death,đét
debate,đì bây
decision,đi xi sừn
definition,đe phi ni sừn
department,đi pát mừn
depth,đép
develoment,đi vơ lốp mừn
difference,đíp phi rừn
direction,đai rếc sừn
discussion,đít cát sừn
disease,đi si
disk,đít
distribution,đít tri biu sừn
driver,đờ rai vờ
economics,ê cô nô mích
education,ê đu cây sừn
effort,ép phót
energy,ê nơ di
entertainment,en tơ tên mừn
environment,en vai rôn mừn
equipment,ê quíp mừn
estate,ét tây
event,i ven
exam,ích xem
expression,ích pờ rét sừn
fact,phách
failure,phêu lờ
family,pha mi li
finding,phai đing
fishing,phít sing
flight,phờ lai
food,phút
foundation,phao đây sừn
freedom,phờ ri đừm
goal,gôn
Good afternoon,Gút áp tơ nun
government,ga vờ mừn
grandmother,gờ ran ma giờ
growth,gờ râu
health, heo
heart,hớt
Hello,Hê lô
history,hít truy
housing,hau sing
idea,ai đia
importance,im pót từn
income,in căm
industry,in đớt truy
inflation,in phờ lát sừn
information,in pho mây sừn
instance,in từn
insurance,in su rừn
internet,in tơ nét
introduction,in trô đắc sừn
investment,in vét mừn
knowledge,no lít
lake,lếch
language,leng guých
law,lo
length,leng
library,lai bờ rơ ri
literature,li tơ rít trờ
location,lô cây sừn
love, lớp
magazine,me gơ din
management,me nít giờ mừn
map, máp
marketing,ma két ting
marriage,me rít
math,mát
meaning,min ninh
meat,mít
media,mê đi a
medicine,mê đi xin
member,mem bờ
message,mét sít
method,mê thót
moment,mô mừn
month,măn
mood,mút
movie,mô vi
music,miu dích
nation,nây sừn
nature,nây trờ
news,niu
newspaper,niu pây pờ
night,nai
office,óp phít
opinion,óp pi niền
opportunity,óp pi tiu nơ ti
organization,o ga nây sừn
oven,a vừn
painting,pên tinh
paper,pây pờ
payment,pây mừn
people,pi pồ
performance,pơ pho mừn
person,pơ sừn
perspective,pơ phếch típ
philosophy,phi lô sô phi
phone, phôn
photo,phô tô
physics,phi dích
player,pờ lây ờ
policy,pô li xi
politics,pô li tích
population,pô piu lây sừn
power,pao ờ
president,pờ re si đừn
problem,pờ róp lừm
product,pờ rô đắc
property,pờ ro pơ ti
quality,qua li ti
reading,ruýt đinh
reality,re a li ti
recipe,re xi pi
relationship,re lây sừn xíp
responsibility,rét pon si bi li ty
road,rốt
role,rôn
safety,sếp ti
scene,sin
science,sai ừn
security,sê ciu ri ti
series,sê ri
shopping,sóp pinh
situation,si tiu ây sừn
skill,sờ kiu
society,sô sai ê ty
software,sóp goe
soup,súp
statement,sờ tết mừn
story,sờ to ry
strategy,sờ tra tơ di
student,sờ tu đừn
success,sắc sít
system,sít từm
teacher,tít chờ
teaching,tít ching
technology,tếch no lô di
television,tê le vi dừn
temperature,tem rít trờ
Thank,thanh
Thank you,Thanh kiu
theory,the ô ri
thing,thinh
thought,thót
truth,trút
two,tu
understanding,ăn đờ sờ ten đinh
unit,diu nít
university,diu ni vơ si ti
user,iu dơ
variety,va ri ê ti
video,vi đê ô
way,guây
wealth,goeo
week,guých
woman,u mừn
wood,út
world,guô rồ
writing,roai tinh
